Caller argument expression (#26782)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/attributes/caller-information.md

|<xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerFilePathAttribute>|Full path of the source file that contains the caller. The full path is the path at compile time.|`String`|
|<xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerLineNumberAttribute>|Line number in the source file from which the method is called.|`Integer`|
|<xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerMemberNameAttribute>|Method name or property name of the caller.|`String`|

> | <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerArgumentExpressionAttribute>|String representation of the argument expression.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerArgumentExpressionAttribute>|String representation of the argument expression.|`String`|
```

> This information helps you write tracing, debugging, and create diagnostic tools. The following example shows how to use caller info attributes. On each call to the `TraceMessage` method, the caller information is inserted for the arguments to the optional parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information helps you with tracing and debugging, and helps you to create diagnostic tools. The following example shows how to use caller info attributes. On each call to the `TraceMessage` method, the caller information is inserted for the arguments to the optional parameters.
```

The following chart shows the member names that are returned when you use the `CallerMemberName` attribute.

| Calls occur within | Member name result |
|-|-|
| Method, property, or event | The name of the method, property, or event from which the call originated.|
| Constructor | The string ".ctor" |
| Static constructor | The string ".cctor" |
| Finalizer | The string "Finalize" |
| User-defined operators or conversions | The generated name for the member, for example, "op_Addition". |
| Attribute constructor | The name of the method or property to which the attribute is applied. If the attribute is any element within a member (such as a parameter, a return value, or a generic type parameter), this result is the name of the member that's associated with that element. |
| No containing member (for example, assembly-level or attributes that are applied to types) | The default value of the optional parameter. |

## Argument expressions

> You use the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerArgumentExpressionAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> when you want the expression used for an argument. Diagnostic libraries may want to provide more details about the *expressions* used for arguments. By providing the expression that triggered the diagnostic, in addition to the parameter name, developers see more details about the code that triggered the diagnostic. That extra information makes it easier to fix.

Reviewer 2: Consider:

```suggestion
You use the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerArgumentExpressionAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> when you want the expression used for an argument. Diagnostic libraries may want to provide more details about the *expressions* passed to arguments. By providing the expression that triggered the diagnostic, in addition to the parameter name, developers see more details about the code that triggered the diagnostic. That extra information makes it easier to fix.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerArgumentExpressionAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> when you want the expression used for an argument. Diagnostic libraries may want to provide more details about the *expressions* used for arguments. By providing the expression that triggered the diagnostic, in addition to the parameter name, developers have more details about the condition that triggered the diagnostic. That extra information makes it easier to fix.
```

The following example shows how you can provide detailed information about the argument when it's invalid:

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/CallerInformation.cs" id="TestCondition":::

You would invoke it as shown in the following example:

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/CallerInformation.cs" id="InvokeTestCondition":::

> The expression used for `condition` is injected by the compiler into the `message` argument. When a developer calls `Operation` with a `null` argument, the following message is stored in the `ArgumentException`:

Reviewer 2: Consider rewording, and in your code InvalidOp not Argument looks like its thrown. 

```suggestion
The expression used for `condition` is injected by the compiler into the `message` argument. When a developer calls `Operation` with a `null` argument, an `InvalidOperationException` is thrown with following message: 
```
